===================
Community Guidlines
===================

Contributing
============
Contributions come in many different kinds, spanning bug fixes and new features
to suggestions for improved documentation or ways to make your DBSP_DRP
workflow easier for you and more efficient. All types of contributions from the
community are greatly welcomed and much appreciated!

If you want to fix a bug or contribute a new feature, please create a fork of
DBSP_DRP on GitHub, make changes to your fork, and then create a Pull Request
when your changes are ready to be reviewed for inclusion in DBSP_DRP.
Maintainers will review your proposed changes and give you feedback. Once all
parties are satisfied with the proposed changes, your code will be merged.
Please create pull requests to the develop branch of DBSP_DRP, as this is where
active development occurs.

If you have suggestions for how to improve DBSP_DRP, please open an Issue on
GitHub describing how you want DBSP_DRP to be improved. Maintainers and
developers will comment on the Issue, discussing your suggestions in a
collaborative manner, developing and maturing it with you until it is ready to
be implemented (and someone has volunteered to do so).

Reporting Issues
================
If you run into an error while running DBSP_DRP, identify a bug, documentation
deficiency, or potential enhancement, please file an
`Issue on GitHub <https://github.com/finagle29/DBSP_DRP/issues>`_. For bugs or
errors, please try to be as descriptive as possible when writing what went
wrong -- it's hard to provide too much detail! At a bare minimum, please
include the versions of Python, DBSP_DRP, PypeIt, NumPy, and Astropy that were
installed when you encountered the error. If you can create a "minimum working
example" for the error, the smallest set of input files and command line
invocation or Python code that still manifests this error, and share this with
your Issue, it will greatly assist anybody who tries to fix your error.

Getting Support
===============
If you are having trouble running DBSP_DRP, you can open a Discussion on GitHub
to ask the community for help. There are no silly questions -- though we try to
make DBSP_DRP work as well as possible, computers are finnicky creatures and
entropy is always working against us.
